turn the power on and off
the greens a romance
I do not have a very slight
I would say no
but if it is alive or health and periods in front of it for it and we have a
very special program because we are going to be playing
many friends and with you dear friends of course yes the way
the camera not only goes to exercise in front where there are many friends
cospedal for whom the role of shutting down
the real
if you consider asia to be here
the front to pay when we
but directly ahota the friends who were
oviedo where has paid to know that eta has alerted that palin
now he has abstained
the look
for the barcelona
Amen oil has spoken of him
it's thanks for all of us is that you can not go for it when talking about the
beach work for ladies 110
i immediately
we continue in the fight for him we continue talking dear friend who did not reach
mess with us
the debate is there added that the way you're going to play
the direction of iveco that did it
on Friday the governor pointed to the newspaper
but now in marcelo oriented to marcela and to felipe neri canal foresaw
for her and she can fall
in the matter
I was asked kiyani old and single outdated aerodrome advancement
here scheme that nothing to avoid the defeat of the program
it was not no to her it was not anything serious
he has never lost
in the north of Bogota
of unevenness
oo send him in a talde giving me kind of modesty
at midday arrived
the subject clearly demo of unit in a game ordered and tactically
missing players
for that reason it adds a bit of the march of the economy
diego cagna because there is concern that occupy detention ordered his father
this new market
in Monaco with the name of the brand staggered between an agreement the markets
in itself they are a concern look what he did after a topic
long time
I opted for the Chinese products market of the return to the past
cincinnati the Chinese real estate guy with a smile
super friendly
I say so that China keeps well above it feeds by plucking but in
principle seems that no
reed
for that reason that the comal humor in the markets bad mood finished tenth
next Tuesday session
fundamental source in this way apple tree knows the number one of the
Argentina, you have to understand them out of proportion to 50 people who thought that
but he says there were no benefits
the exercise of teaching
the mayor amaya was arrested on the day of the president
the rain by the way came to the monumental
mmm
my father
I need to soon yes without being a man has been a guy with an advantage of
Chinese who speaks Spanish Dani that would be interesting to be able to
hundreds of people many
was taken according to the producer was a summary of the game the authors did not
you can ask the question of if you fear for example
your balance of tomatoes or eduardo duhalde
the environment taking away
Alberto Amate because the truth
the mayor pointed
Rodriguez had to talk about American economy I could not tell
2009 where he got the consensus of all citizens we need
strive for the 2009 sil
as it transpired
on the other side of other benches
the heat does not stop being professionals industry
I would love to do it
before the complaints of their neighbors
consulted about his succession
there was some friction their contracts are minimal
- zaragoza 0 70 cents
lack of payment of cirsus
in the Middle East
percent and córdoba
economy environment
the modern economy of the University of Oviedo
gerardo rodríguez regordosa
I called home was mine